[Music]
hi there I'm Jimmy here we are again you
and your house me and mine I hope you
had a successful Mother's Day this was
probably the strangest Mother's Day ever
especially for me I spent some of my
mother's day in a Twitter feud with you
know that weird baby that lives in the
White House the one with the orange face
well he is in a mood and apparently part
of the reason for that mood is because
of something that I get on Thursday
night I showed a video is one of these
embarrassing photo ops of Mike Pence the
Vice President carrying boxes delivering
PPE to a facility for senior citizens it
was a publicity stunt to show how much
they're doing but that happens in
politics okay fine the trouble started
because at one point of the video after
awkwardly lugging a heavy box to the
door Mike Pence find some empty boxes in
the back of the van why there were empty
boxes in the back of the van I don't
know but he finds him he says can I just
carry the empty ones just for the camera
which turns out he was joking how anyone
could tell well Mike Pence is joking I
don't know I didn't know but he was
joking I didn't know because I'd only
watched part of the video it turns out
there were 29 minutes of this on c-span
that apparently indicate he was joking
about carrying the empty boxes for the
cameras which again I didn't know
because I don't have the mental
endurance it requires to watch Mike
Pence deliver boxes for 29 minutes on
c-span but I should have watched the
whole thing
I guess bottom line is I was wrong he
was joking I didn't know I made a
mistake when I found out I was wrong I
acknowledged it by taking the video down
and tweeting an apology of sorts to the
best of my ability apologizing to the
Trump administration for spreading
untruth is like apologizing to Barry
Bonds for using steroids it's hard but
the outrage from the maggots the
outpouring of venom was disgusting
stupid too but mostly disk
some of these lunatics have the audacity
to use the word Christian in their BIOS
but that didn't stop them from wishing
death on me on my family on my son some
of them said they hope my son dies they
threatened my wife there were hundreds
of horrible hateful sometimes violent
Twitter and Facebook posts because I
showed what they kept calling a doctored
video which was not a doctorate video by
the way we didn't do anything to it we
didn't doctor the doctors are the people
Donald Trump doesn't listen to and dr.
videos are something Donald Trump posts
all the time some of his paid campaign
ads are doctored videos that had to be
removed for violating the rules about
that sort of thing but these people who
blindly pledged their allegiance to
Donald Trump's instead of this country
are so their their hypocrisy runs so
deep they don't even seem to be aware of
it anymore it's like when an uber driver
wears too much cologne
the communications director for Mike
Pence's campaign tweeted all day about
this Friday all day it's the only thing
he tweeted about and I got an email from
the vice president's office requesting
that I apologize on air on Twitter
wasn't enough I guess they wanted it on
air because this is what they're
thinking about while thousands of
Americans are dying every day jokes from
late-night talk-show hosts but okay you
know what it was my mistake I do
apologize to the vice president again
for spreading misinformation about him
spreading misinformation is their thing
and I stepped on their toes but now that
I've done that I would like the vice
president since he asked me to apologize
to ask his boss who lies every time
there isn't a McNugget in his mouth to
apologize for the following perversions
of decency and democracy Mike Pence has
stood by and warmly enabled with a smug
little twinkle in his eye these things
for for miserable years we would like an
apology for separating thousands of
migrant children from their parents
inviting the Taliban to Camp David
siding with lavender Putin over US
intelligence calling neo-nazis very fine
people using campaign money to pay off a
porn star mocking a sixteen-year-old
climate activists mocking Christine
Blasi for obstruction of justice ignore
warnings on coronavirus downplaying the
dangers of coronavirus mishandling the
coronavirus we still don't have tests
for the coronavirus why are we opening
the country when we have no test for
coronavirus there are about 15,000 more
but let's start with apology and for
those and we'll get to the rest so then
yesterday it's Mother's Day we're having
a nice morning I'm with the family and I
get a text that says the president is
tweeting about you so he tweets it took
me a while to find it because he tweeted
a hundred twenty-five times yesterday he
tweets more fake news this time from
Jimmy Kimmel's last place show he
tweeted once every seven and a half
minutes yesterday
that's impressive he ignored a pandemic
and his wife on Mother's Day he really
can do it all so I replied to the tweet
I thought about it and I just wrote go
make Milania brunch still no word on if
he did you think he ever made anyone
anything you think he like ever made Don
jr. a grilled cheese sandwich so anyway
this is what the White House is working
on and thinking about right now this
really is the dumbest time to be alive I
always assumed that if I got involved in
some kind of a Twitter feud with the
president it would be with president
Kanye in 2028 but no it came early so
now the latest twist is that there's a
corona outbreak among the White House
staff as if this administration needed
anything else to make this more like a
horror movie it's coming from inside the
house the president's valet Ivanka
Trump's assistant a spokesperson for
Mike Pence all tested positive dr. fowey
has now placed himself in quarantine and
the White House today announced a new
policy that requires all staffers to
enter the West Wing to wear a mask
except for the president because you
know rules don't apply to him Donald
Trump is now with all these tests living
like the world's most closely monitored
porn star Kevin Hassett
who's a top economic adviser to Trump
said it is scary to go to work now right
but by all means let's send everyone
else back to work and in the midst of
all this with his spokesperson testing
positive Mike Pence went to Iowa to meet
with executives from several big food
companies and you can see here everyone
is wearing a mask until a woman comes
down I don't know
woman is but 11 minutes before Mike
Pence arrives she says something to the
executives and they removed their mess
after hearing it and then who shows up
what the vice-president he's maskless to
everyone claps they've got a hash tag
that says helpful smile strong which
reads like a poorly translated sign on a
Chinese dentist office anyway it doesn't
matter who in his office has it no masks
for Mike Pence he is a very bad bad boy
he's wild that video by the way I want
to say was not doctored and nor is this
have you seen the video of the little
girl who got caught touching her dog's
food if not here it is Lily I just watch
you touch Jude's food yes you did you
touched Jude's food I'm gonna hire her
to be my lawyer Your Honor may I let the
cutest lawyer ever speak but watching
that kid denied doing something she
clearly did reminded me of someone so
this time I want to say I want to
announce in advance we did doctor this
video and here now is our boss baby deep
faked
mr. president you said the virus was
just like the flu you did you also said
the virus could go away by April no no
sir
you said it would disappear like a
miracle yes you said only 15 people have
it and it would go down close to zero
you did you said chloroquine would treat
it no you said we should try injecting
disinfectant you said anyone who needs a
test can get one you praise China for
being transparent you got rid of the
pandemic response news
you ignored every warning throughout
January and now go to your room and no
fox news for you